BlackJack
--------------

Blackjack is a card game with at most 7 players and a fix-giver (dealer),
one plays with six 52er-decks.
One plays against the dealer and the goal is to beat the dealer by
achieving a higher score. The highest attainable score is 21.
The fix-values from 2 to 10 count its fix-values accordingly .
The pictures king, lady and jack count 10. The ace either counts 11 or 1
according to game-situation.

Each player gets two cards in the beginning, that are put frankly.
The giver gets only one open card, he may pull more cards only, when all
other players are finished.

When the cards are distributed, the player must decide, want he wants to do.
Therefore, he adds the values of the two cards initially
and has to decide, whether the reached points suffice him in order to win
against the giver or whether he should take another card.

The players can take as many cards as they wish unless their score is below 21.
Differently the giver, this must take another card, if he has 16 or fewer points.
He may take no more card, if he has 17 or more points.
The game is drawn when the giver and the player have the same score.

The best deck in Blackjack cosists of an ace and a card with value 10.
This combination gives the game its name and cannot been beaten..
A Blackjack always consists of only two cards. If one achieves 21 points with
more than 2 cards, this loses against a Blackjack. The profit by winning with
a Blackjack is 1.5:1, therefore the one and a half-fold of the pot.

Game-course
After one got the first two cards,
there are in principle following possibilities:

* the value of the first two cards is so good that one takes no more card (stand).
* the value of the first two cards is not suffieient, so that one takes even more cards (hit).
  This is only possible as long as one has a score below 21.

Extra-rules
* the value of the first two cards is same.
  One has the possibility to grit.
* the value of the first two cards is success-promising so,
  that one doubles the use (doubling).
* the value of the first card of the giver it is so good that one fears he might gets
  a Blackjack. One can insure itself against it (insurance).